# Portfolio
Portfolio of projects I worked on in college.

In CS300 at SNHU, we were tasked with learning how to best use the various data structures, and which program types they worked best with. For CS300 Project 1 & 2, the goal was to find out the best way to read the courses and prerequisites needed for specific courses, and evaluate results of each one to see how thy stack up when compared to eachother.
I approached this problem by creating pseudocode for each version of the data structures I could use, and then analyzing inputs for them to determine the speed at which each one could theoretically run.
Whenever I started to reach a block in where to go with one set of pseudocode, I switched to another data structure to give myself time to think of new ways to continue while still making progress in a different section.
This particular project has helped me start expanding the ways in which I go about to solve a problem. I used to just go through videos and stack overflow comments until I found something that sort of worked, and then adapted it to the type of work I was doing, but when approaching the different types of data structures and the problems they were meant to solve, I realized that there isn't always going to be one clear answer, so sometimes its best to realize different ways of going about the issue.
Being that I had to practice with many types of data structures for this class, making sure that I wrote something that was readable for others, and moreso, readable by myself. I worked with a lot of Object-oriented programming before this, so working on this project which was more speed and structure oriented, I needed to know more about what was going on than in previous classes, and thus needed easier to read, more structured code.
